Update advanced-permissions.rst (#3496)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/advanced-permissions.rst

.. image:: ../images/team-scheme.png

Channel moderation (Beta) (E20)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Available in Enterprise Edition E20*

From v5.22, the channel moderation settings allow Admins to restrict actions within specific channels. These actions include: 

> - **Make channels read-only.** The ability for Admins to turn off posting in specified channels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Make channel read-only.** The ability for Admins to turn off posting in specified channels.
```

From v5.22, the channel moderation settings allow Admins to restrict actions within specific channels. These actions include: 

- **Make channel read-only:** The ability for Admins to turn off posting in specified channels.
- **Restrict reactions:** Turn off the ability for members and guests to post reactions.
- **Restrict channel mentions:** Turn off the ability for users to post channel wide mentions (@-all/channel/here) in specified channels.

> - **Channel member management:** Only Admins can add and remove channel members in the specified channels.

Author: Good catch, I've reworded it.

These settings are modified in **System Console > User Management > Channels**. 

**Note:**

> These settings are applicable only to Guests and Members. System, Team, and Channel Admins are not affected. 

Reviewer: I would prefer this have some guidance to better communicate that designating "announcer" or similar role in a read only channel is done by promoting the user to channel admin. I am not sure that is clear. 

suggested: If you wish to grant posting ability to a single member, you must promote that member to channel admin.

> The availability of channel moderation settings can also be affected by existing system and team permissions configurations. If there are existing configurations that override the channel settings you would like to apply, it will be indicated in the UI. These settings can then be adjusted in the relevant panel in the **Permissions** section of the System Console. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The availability of channel moderation settings can also be affected by existing system and team permissions configurations. If there are existing configurations that override the channel settings you would like to apply, it will be indicated in the user interface. These settings can then be adjusted in the relevant panel in the **Permissions** section of the System Console. 
```

.. image:: ../images/team-scheme.png

Channel moderation (Beta) (E20)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Available in Enterprise Edition E20*

From v5.22, the channel moderation settings allow Admins to restrict actions within specific channels. These actions include: 

> - **Read-only Channels:** The ability for Admins to turn off posting in specified channels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Make channels read-only.** The ability for Admins to turn off posting in specified channels.
```

> - **Restrict Post Reactions:** Turn off the ability for members and guests to post reactions.

Reviewer: suggest renaming to simply **Restrict Reactions** - though I'm 2/5 if you prefer to keep this.

> - **Restrict Post Reactions:** Turn off the ability for members and guests to post reactions.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Restrict reactions:** Turn off the ability for members and guests to post reactions.
```

> - **Restrict Channel Mentions:** Turn off the ability for users to post channel wide mentions (@-all/channel/here) in specified channels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Restrict channel mentions:** Turn off the ability for users to post channel wide mentions (@-all/channel/here) in specified channels.
```

> - **Channel member management:** Restricting adding and removing channel members to Admins only in specified channels.

Reviewer: suggest changing to **Channel member management:** Restricting ability of adding and removing channel members to Admins in specified channels.

Author: I reworded it a bit.

> - **Channel member management:** Restricting adding and removing channel members to Admins only in specified channels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Channel member management:** Only Admins can add and remove channel members in the specified channels.
```

These settings are modified in **System Console > User Management > Channels**. 

**Note:**
These settings are applicable only to Guests and Members. System, Team, and Channel Admins are not affected. 

The availability of channel moderation settings can also be affected by existing system and team permissions configurations. If there are existing configurations that override the channel settings you would like to apply, it will be indicated in the UI. These settings can then be adjusted in the relevant panel in the **Permissions** section of the System Console. 

> This feature includes the ability to set channel moderation settings in the **Team Override Scheme** so Public and Private channels have individual moderation settings. In some cases, permissions applied in the **Team Override Scheme** take precedence and affect the availability of certain settings. This is indicated in the **Channel Moderation (Beta)** UI where applicable.  

Reviewer: I am not sure what is meant to be communicated here. The channel specific schemes (that underly the channel moderation settings) cannot be set or modified from the permissions page. Only the team level permissions (which do constrain channel schemes). Also, from the perspective of public/private, there are no differences wrt channel moderation settings - at least for this release.

Author: Thanks for clarifying. So, re-reading this, I'd say that the first paragraph is correct (based on what I can see in the UI and your comments). But, paragraph two is most likely a confusion based on the test feedback in the two screenshots below. 

Happy to remove it if it's confusing/extraneous. In hindsight, the UI provides enough guidance that we don't really need to document this - thoughts? 

<img width="758" alt="Screen Shot 2020-04-07 at 18 03 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4223530/78692396-1d7b5300-78fa-11ea-8356-145f452903ab.png">

<img width="731" alt="Screen Shot 2020-04-07 at 18 02 54" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4223530/78692395-1c4a2600-78fa-11ea-9187-9ec0d352458b.png">

Author: I removed the section around public and private channel settings because it is more back-end, expected behavior and was extraneous/confusing to mention it. Thanks for picking that up!

  ii. Select **Add Teams** to add Team B to the **Select teams to override permissions** list, locate Team B, and choose **Add**.   
  iii. In the **All Members** panel, in the **Manage Public Channels** section, uncheck the box for **Create Channels**.
  iv. In the **Team Administrators** panel, in the **Manage Public Channels** section, check the box for **Create Channels**.
  
Read only channels
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Configure a channel so that members can post/reply/react but guests can only read and react.**

> 1. Navigate to **System Console > User Management > Channels** (or **System Console > Advanced Permissions** in versions prior to 5.12).

Reviewer 3: This feature wasn't available prior to v5.12 (it is being release in v5.22)  so the "... in versions prior to 5.12" doesn't apply.

2. Select **Edit** next to the name of the channel you want to configure.
3. In the **Create Posts** panel, uncheck **Guests**. 
4. In the **Post Reactions** panel, uncheck **Guests** if required. 

> 5. In the **Channel Mentions** panel, uncheck **Guests**. 

Reviewer: this will automatically uncheck if `create posts` is unchecked.

The channel is available for all members and guests to access, but guests can only read messages and react to them.

**Create an Announcement Channel where only channel admins are able to post.**

> 1. Create a new channel (either Public or Private). 

Reviewer 2: These are not rendering as a list because there are 2 step 2.'s

Author: Fixed, thank you!

> 2. Navigate to **System Console > User Management > Channels** (or **System Console > Advanced Permissions** in versions prior to 5.12).

Reviewer 3: Same here.

3. In the **Create Posts** panel, uncheck **Guests** and **Members**. 
4. In the **Post Reactions** panel, uncheck **Guests** and **Members**. 

> 5. In the **Channel Mentions** panel, uncheck **Guests** and **Members**. 

Reviewer: this will automatically uncheck if create posts is unchecked.
